Add Custom WebViewActivity instructions (#2596)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_developer_guide/platform_integration_guides/android/advanced_use_cases/deep_linking.md

[udl-1]: https://appboy.github.io/appboy-android-sdk/javadocs/com/appboy/ui/actions/UriAction.html
[udl-2]: https://appboy.github.io/appboy-android-sdk/javadocs/com/appboy/ui/AppboyNavigator.html#setAppboyNavigator-com.appboy.IAppboyNavigator-
[udl-3]: https://appboy.github.io/appboy-android-sdk/javadocs/com/appboy/IAppboyNavigator.html

## Custom WebView Activity {#Custom_Webview_Activity}

> By default, deeplinks to websites are are handled by [`BrazeWebViewActivity`][udl-4]. To change this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, when website deeplinks are opened inside the app by Braze, they are handled by [`BrazeWebViewActivity`][udl-4]. To change this:
```

1. Create a new Activity that handles the target URL from `Intent.getExtras()` with the key `com.appboy.Constants.APPBOY_WEBVIEW_URL_EXTRA`. See [`BrazeWebViewActivity.java`][udl-8] for an example.

> 2. Add that activity to `AndroidManifest.xml` and set exported to false.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Add that activity to `AndroidManifest.xml` and set `exported` to `false`.
```

    ```xml
    <activity
        android:name=".MyCustomWebViewActivity"
        android:exported="false" />
    ```

> 3. Use a [builder object][udl-6] that is then built and passed to [Braze.configure()][udl-5] in [`Application.onCreate()`][udl-7]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Set your custom Activity in a `BrazeConfig` [builder object][udl-6]. Build the builder and pass it to [Braze.configure()][udl-5] in your [`Application.onCreate()`][udl-7]
```

nit to help avoid passive voice
